Include necessary packages in node-modules

Include node-coverage in a place where it can be used.

Replace jscoverage with built in node-coverage and vanilla file
servers based on express. Keep jscoverage as an option. MUCH PROGRESS

"src" optional custom setting is probably unnecessary if we do not use
jscoverage as the server for uninstrumented files. So don's use
jscoverage for that, and fix that setting. DONE uses express.

Document -phantom option to support command line builds.

Support find-a-port feature.

Document/enhance filters for modules and files.

Create build/Minification process for distributing KluJS

Use klujs-config to generate build process for projects.

clear jscoverage at start of specrunner no wait then they can't they
run concurrently maybe that's okay how do we force it?

Document the configuration settings

Make the proxy restart jscoverage process automatically when it fails
due to a bad javascript file. DONE. see permaProc.js

Remove jasmineGradle global, probably unused. Limit klujs global to
configuration; use a module to access it.

Report better on lint filtering. And, in particular, don't report
KluJS being filtered out, if it is. MOSTLY FIXED filters are reported on
in priority order, so not too much noise.


Overrides for main,test,libDirs should be relative to src and each
other? Or templating like "${main}/lib"?

Provide a way to view settings on result page. That means showing both
supplied and computed settings.

Remove dependency on console logging to detect completion. This is a
phantomjs thingy at the moment.

Provide way to rerun lint, but not tests. FIXED

Provide way to measure coverage per-suite or per-spec. I think this
is important at the moment, more important than speed.

Oh, and the UI display stinks.

Remove noise of passing lint files. Perhaps sort by pass/fail, then
alphabetically. FIXED. 

Provide a way to specify coverage targets/goals.

fix bug where specs are filtered because path is
KluJS/../../pathToTest...  (FIXED by replacing KluJS/.. at start with
blank. I'm not sure that's 100% robust.) See next item.

Too many ".." in paths; compute to essence. FIXED I believe

